NMS-14634: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 3) (#5717)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/bsm/map-functions.adoc

= Map Functions

> The map function defines how the severity of an edge is used in the parent system's reduce function when the operational status is calculated.

Author: I would assume in this case that it's Horizon/Meridian, but I'll ask around. :)

> The map function defines how the severity of an edge is used in the parent system's reduce function when the operational status is calculated.

Reviewer: I think so too. We can replace XX with {page-component-title}.

> The map function defines how the severity of an edge is used in the parent system's reduce function when the operational status is calculated.

Author: ```suggestion
The map function defines how to use the severity of an edge in the parent system's reduce function when {page-component-title} calculates the operational status of the business service.
```
